{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}\levelprepend{\leveltext\leveltemplateid2\'02\'01.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}\levelprepend{\leveltext\leveltemplateid102\'02\'01.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}\levelprepend{\leveltext\leveltemplateid202\'02\'01.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid301\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}\levelprepend{\leveltext\leveltemplateid302\'02\'01.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid4}
{\list\listtemplateid5\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid401\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}\levelprepend{\leveltext\leveltemplateid402\'02\'01.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid5}
{\list\listtemplateid6\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid501\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}\levelprepend{\leveltext\leveltemplateid502\'02\'01.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid6}
{\list\listtemplateid7\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid601\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid7}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}{\listoverride\listid5\listoverridecount0\ls5}{\listoverride\listid6\listoverridecount0\ls6}{\listoverride\listid7\listoverridecount0\ls7}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14180\viewh11440\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5032\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Peer Review/Oversight System
\b0 \
Functional Specification 
\fs36 \
\
Wayne Woods\
David Richards\
Eugene S\
Jacob Ruff\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5032\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5032\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5032\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 Introduction\

\b0 \
The Peer Review/Oversight System (PROS) comprises a software-based management system for creating, exchanging and responding to peer group performance questionnaires. Such questionnaires, or surveys, allow a group of peers to grade and review each other with respect to criteria (questions) proposed by the creator of the survey. Zero or more nominated overseer(s) may optionally review all exchanged evaluations by peers in each survey process.\
\
The system will comprise a web app, implemented in HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript (ES5), PHP and MySQL.\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5032\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl1
\b \cf0 Summary\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5032\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf0 \
The project is intended to fulfill the requirements for the final project in CTEC-227/\cf2 228\cf0 .\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5032\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl1
\b \cf0 Requirements\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5032\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf0 \
The requirements for this project are specified in the following linked Canvas document, which is hereby included by reference.\
\
https://clarkcollege.instructure.com/courses/1418533/pages/final-project-information?module_item_id=22461792\
\
All pertinent requirements not specified in the above document are to be specified by the assigned teams of students.\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5032\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl1
\b \cf0 Numbers\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5032\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf0 \
The expected number of users is not specified precisely. The system as imagined should be capable of handling 'thousands' of individual users involved in 'hundreds' of survey processes.\
\
The primary use case, basic evaluation of the system as a successful prototype, is expected to involve less than 50 users.\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5032\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl1
\b \cf0 Existing System\
\ls4\ilvl1
\b0 \
The existing system comprises, at worst, printed forms, manual administration, distribution, data entry, collation, and dissemination of results.\
\
The benefits of an automated system are obvious, and there are no obvious disadvantages.\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5032\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\ls5\ilvl1
\b \cf0 Terminology
\b0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5032\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
No domain-specific terminology exists for this project.\
 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5032\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\ls6\ilvl1
\b \cf0 References\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5032\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf0 \
The original project assignment is found at:\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5032\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
https://clarkcollege.instructure.com/courses/1418533/pages/final-project-information?module_item_id=22461792\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5032\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
An example survey form is found at:\
\
https://clarkcollege.instructure.com/courses/1418533/files/80069645?module_item_id=22469235\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5032\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\ls7\ilvl0
\b \cf0 Functional Description\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5032\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf0 \
A new user of the system will be required to create a user account.\
\
Once a user account has been created a user may begin creating assets. Assets include questions, choice lists (for graded answers), and surveys. Surveys will comprise one or more 
\i survey items
\i0 . Each survey item will contain the text of a question, a choice list (of graded answers) and a text input area for peers to provide an explanation of their choice of grade.\
\
Once a user has designed a survey he/she may propose the start of a peer review process by providing a list of one or more peers (selected from users of the system), a list of zero or more overseers (who will be authorized to view the responses of peers), and various options, such as a text description of the proposed process, an option to allow peers to evaluate themselves, and an option to disable anonymity of responses.\
\
Once a process has been proposed, each nominated peer will receive notification that they are expected to participate in a peer review process, along with a actionable link to affirm their acceptance of this expectation.\
\
When all peers have accepted, each peer will be provided access to a copy of the survey for each other peer in the process. Peers will enter and submit their responses to the questions (survey items) on the survey for each of their co-peers. When all responses have been submitted the system will collate the responses of each peer for each question and provide a means for each peer to review this collated set of responses.\
\
Users will have the ability to create new versions of their assets, effectively editing their assets, without impacting the integrity of existing peer review processes.\
\
Integration with IBM Watson is specified. Mood analysis data and possibly other data are to be displayed in appropriate places (e.g. where text input of any kind is done) to help users to be thoughtful in formulating both questions and responses.\
\

\b Use Cases\uc0\u8232 
\b0 \
Use cases could include any group or team involved in any corporate, academic, open source, or social endeavor. In any project or situation where a peer review process is appropriate, the system is intended provide a clean, functional alternative to manual administration of such a process.\
\

\b User Community
\b0 \uc0\u8232 \
Because the system provides options for creating peer review processes with custom rules on anonymity and oversight, a wide variety of user communities could make use of the system. A design goal of the system is to provide a general system that is easily configured to requirements or needs of any user community.\
\

\b Administration Functions\uc0\u8232 
\b0 \
The prototype system will be administered via a third-party interface to MySQL. The system should require very little administration. However, it may be proper for an expanded prototype to provide for administrative users and functionality to manage database maintenance issues that may emerge from the design (such as manual garbage collection, backup, and restore).\uc0\u8232 \

\b Error Handling\

\b0 \uc0\u8232 Error handling issues may exist on a number of application levels (e.g. database, connectivity, program logic, hacking detection/prevention, etc.)\
\
The original specification does not provide robust requirements for error handing. The prototype system will be designed to identify, detect and handle as many error situations as is practical. Care will be taken so the system does not depend on the disregard of any known error event or state. \
\

\b Security
\b0 \uc0\u8232 \
The system will utilize a secure mechanism for logging and authorizing user events.\
\

\b Help
\b0 \uc0\u8232 \
The initial prototype system will not provide any integrated help system. An expanded prototype may include such a system.\uc0\u8232 \

\b Printing\uc0\u8232 
\b0 \
The prototype browser-based system will rely on browser-provided options for printing. An expanded prototype may include printing options for any content that cannot be satisfactorily printed used browser-provided functionality.\
\

\b Interfaces
\b0 \
\
No API or interfaces are conceived for the prototype version.\
\

\i Note: An interesting design consideration for a future implementation would be to divide the system into a "peer review management service" with an API, and a de-coupled UI app that access this service.
\i0 \
\

\b Boundary Conditions
\b0 \uc0\u8232 \
Boundary conditions are not foreseen as an issue for the prototype.\
\

\b Constraints
\b0 \uc0\u8232 \
Constraints are not address in this prototype, proof of concept, system.\
\

\b Platforms
\b0 \uc0\u8232 \
All platforms with modern 'greenfield' web browsers are supported.\
\

\b Internationalisation
\b0 \uc0\u8232 \
Internationalization may be addressed in an expanded prototype.\uc0\u8232 \

\b Accessibility
\b0 \ul \
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5032\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ulnone Internationalization will be addressed in an expanded prototype. The design of the initial prototype will not intentionally limit or hinder future accessibility features.\ul \ulc0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5032\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5032\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 \ulnone Performance
\b0 \ul \
\ulnone \
The prototype system should be capable of supporting 'thousands' of peer users engaging concurrent activities.\
\

\b Portability
\b0 \uc0\u8232 \
Mobile (small-screen) responsive design is intended for the prototype. Any device running a modern web browser should be capable of accessing the system, and a practical, clean UI should present on any such device.\
\

\b Expandability\

\b0 \uc0\u8232 The design of the database schema is specifically intended to permit flexible expansion of system functionality, such as multimedia assets on survey questions and \
\

\b Customization
\b0 \uc0\u8232 \
Customization, in an expanded prototype, could include plug-in support for various multimedia types (for questions and responses). The assigned prototype is specified to provide for "text" questions, and "choice list" and "text" responses.\
\
Other types of customization may be considered for an expanded prototype.\
\

\b Support & Maintenance
\b0 \uc0\u8232 \
The prototype provides for basic event logging. No other support/maintenance infrastructure is provided.\
\

\b Configuration Management\uc0\u8232 
\b0 \
Configuration Management is not an issue at this stage.\
\

\b Documentation\

\b0 \uc0\u8232 User documentation is not a concern in this prototype project, 
\i at this juncture
\i0 .\
\
}